Really bold
First time in Jingzhou
I didn't even encounter the trouble of cursing me to be killed
Mr. Wu
I think what they said is not completely unreasonable
What!
And you think they're right.
Mr. Gu Jiangzhou, this is your first time here.
You are indeed upright
But also because you are upright
So there are many people who don't like you.
Even so
I still have you with someone to protect me
He didn't need a child to remind him.
They are locals after all
The one named Song Yang
Can come up with a plan that makes your eyes shine
Explain that it is by no means a tomb
Maybe I really heard something
During this time
You all worked hard
Mr. Gu
This kind of thing is better believed than not believed
You'd better put on your stab suit.
Even you don't have the confidence to protect me?
Mr. Gu is not afraid of ten thousand, but afraid of one